Task List


1.  To determine if a trip is possible for a drone, we must check that the
    drone will not run out of battery during the trip. This requires tracking
    the distance the drone travels and how much weight it is carrying at each
    point in the trip. In drone.py, implement the method with the prototype:

        simulate_trip_with_added_order(self, new_order, position)
    
    This method should simulate a trip with the given order added at the
    given position in the drone's order list, and return the resulting battery
    charge level. Then, using that method as a helper, implement the method with
    the prototype:
 
        find_best_order_position(self, new_order)

    This method should return the best position to add the new_order to the
    drone's current order list, to minimize battery usage. If there is no
    position where the order can be added without the drone's battery failing,
    it should return -1.

2.  In dispatch_server.py, implement the function:

        build_trip(self, zone)

    This function returns a list of orders to be delivered on the next drone trip.
    The returned list of orders should contain as many of the oldest unpackaged
    orders in the zone as possible without exceeding the drone's range. Once an
    order exceeds the drone's range, any remaining capacity should be filled with
    other orders destined for this same zone, from heaviest to lightest
    (regardless of when the order was placed).

    Make use of the payload_test_drone to simulate trips to determine whether the
    delivery_drone will be able to accommodate an order. Remember to remove all
    orders from the payload_test_drone after the trip is built!

3.  Over the months that we've been in business, we've accumulated a few complaints from
    our customers. Since our goal is to maximize efficiency and customer satisfaction, we've
    decided to address these complaints now. Respond to customer feedback by implementing
    the function:

        build_most_optimal_trip(self)

    Below is a list of customer complaints. All of them are important to us, but some of
    them seem to compete with one another. Implement this function in a way that resolves as
    many of these problems as you are able.

    *  Our most common complaint is that customers' orders are sometimes split into
       separate deliveries, which makes pick-up a hassle. Ensure that all orders for
       the same customer are always sent together in a single trip (unless they
       can't all fit on a drone at once).
    *  Some of our customers are Subscribers, which means they pay an annual fee in
       exchange for expedited shipping. But some Subscribers are complaining that their
       packages are arriving too slowly. Find a way to prioritize Subscriber orders
       so that they ship more quickly.
    *  In rare circumstances, fragile packages bump into hazardous packages mid-flight
       and break - forcing us to pay out expensive refunds. To stop this, ensure orders
       marked "fragile" are never sent in the same trip as orders marked "hazardous."
    *  Some of our orders are for perishable goods. These need to be shipped while they
       are still fresh. Ensure that perishable goods are always moved directly to the
       front of the queue.

